Riddlebound rampage:
About the Game:
Riddlebound rampage is a path game. It consists of a story and you 
as a player needs to jump in the adventure and solve the riddles. To 
make this game easy, you as a player can choose you own 
goals, fulfil them and get win. But wait did i mention the zombie 
monster yet? yes during the game you will be chased by a monster 
zombie you can learn more about this works bellow. You can also the 
story of the game and solve the riddles and win the game by 
completing it. The game is boring? No worries, how about you make 
your own story using your won fantasy, or maybe friends can 
make games for each other and compete for the glory of the best 
game maker and the title of Riddlebound rampage master. But before 
you do that, you need to learn how the game works. So, let's get 
started.
Home page:
Menus and buttons:
Menus:
when you open the game, you will see the home page. The home page 
consists of a menu bar and a start button in the centre of page, a 
story chooser in the top right and sound button down to the left.
Choose a story button
Before you start the game, you may want to choose a story you want 
to play, make sure to choose one because if not won't be able to jump 
in the adventure.
Sound button:
You can also turn off the sound of the game by clicking the sound 
button, don't worry you can always start the sounds again by clicking 
the same button.
Help button:
you may already now what the help button does, but if you don't, it 
will take you to the help page (this page) where you can learn about 
the game and how to play it.
Upload story button:
As said above you can make your own story and play it, but before 
you can play it, you need to upload it. You can do that by clicking the 
upload story button, then you will be redirected to a new page where 
you can paste the link of you file location, or you can click the upload 
file icon to navigate to you file. But even before that do you know how 
to make a story? If not, don't worry, it is explained below.
Start game button:
After choosing story you may want to set sail to the adventure, you 
can do that by clicking the start game button. When you do that you 
will be taken to an identity reveal page. In this page you need to 
provide some information about yourself so that the game can be 
personalised for you. All you need is your name/character name the 
health points you want to start the game with and the gold you want 
to start the game with. After you provide the information, you can 
click the next button, or you can choose the goals. The goals are the 
things you want to achieve in the game. You can choose as many 
goals as you want one or two, maybe all of them? It's up to you. After 
you choose the goals you can click the next button, and then you go 
to character chooser page. You may want to choose a character to be 
set as your character in the game, and you will be able to see it geting 
chased by the zombie monster that doesn't want you to complete 
your goals. After you choose the character just click on it and the 
game starts. you can learn more about the game below.
Game page:
Menus and buttons:
Menus:
The game page have a top bar, there you can see you name and you 
character states and track them during the game. At top right you 
have the setting button that will be explained bellow. At the right of 
the page you will be seeing items you need to collect to complete 
your goals. To collect them you need to click on them. When collected 
they will be shown in your inventory at the left of the page. At the 
bottom of the page you will see your character and the zombie 
monster chasing it, the description of the scene where you need to 
read carefully to navigate from a scene to a scene, at the same 
time you can see a quiz that you need to solve and buttons to 
navigate from the current scene to a new one, the quiz will be 
explained bellow.
Buttons:
Setting button:
The setting button is used to customise the game. Is the background 
colour of the game bothers you? You can change it by clicking the 
change colour button, then choose your favourite colour click ok. The 
sound of the game bothers you? or you want to hear your own 
music? turn of the sound by clicking the sound button, don't worry 
you can always turn it on again by clicking the same button. Tired of 
playing the game? You can save your progress by clicking the save 
button, then you can continue playing later. Having a bad start, and 
you lost too much health? you can always restart the game by 
clicking the restart button. Take in note that the go back to home 
button will not save your progress, so if you want to save your 
progress, you need to click the save button before clicking the back 
to home button. (the back to home button takes to home page not 
close the game).
Quiz buttons:
the Quiz consists of a question and 2 answers, you need to choose 
the correct answer to unlock the buttons that takes to another 
scene. If you choose the wrong answer, you will need to fight the 
monster zombie then you never know what will happen, maybe you 
win the fight, or maybe you lose and 10 health points will be reduced 
from your health points.
Navigation buttons:
Navigation buttons are used to navigate from a scene to another. You 
can use them to navigate from a scene to another, make sure to 
answer the quiz right to be able to use them.
Inventory buttons:
On the right side of the game page you can see items you need to 
collect to complete your goals. To collect them you need to click on 
them, and they will be shown in your inventory at the left of the 
page. You can also see the items you collected there and delete them 
if you want. You can delete them by clicking on the item twice and 
then click the delete button.
How to play:
How to make a story:
To make a story you need to create a file in you favourite text editor 
with the extension .txt, .csv, .paths. then you need to write the story in 
it. The story should have a fixed structure. The structure is as 
follows: 
Title of the story 
(leave a line) 
::Title of the scene 
description of the scene 
[navigation button name] (scene name)(action)(action)(action)... 
[navigation button name] (scene name)(action)(action)(action)... 
(leave a line) 
::Title of the 
scene description of the scene 
[navigation button name] (scene name)(action)(action)(action)... 
[navigation button name] (scene name)(action)(action)(action)... 
(leave a line)
 !!! note that the action 
needs to be like (Health = 10) (Inventory = sword) when you finish 
writing the story, you need to upload it to the game by clicking the 
upload story button in the home page. you can find more information 
about the upload story button above.
How to play the game
To play the game you need to navigate between scenes by clicking 
the navigation buttons all the way to the last one. to be able to 
navigate you need to answer the quiz right. If you answer the quiz 
wrong you will need to fight the monster zombie, and you may lose 
some health points. You can also win if you chose goals, and you 
fulfil them. You loose if one of your character states reaches 0.
zombie monster fight
the zombie monster doesn't want you to win, so he chases you all the 
way to the last scene. He tries to stop your progress by locking the 
navigation buttons. To unlock them you need to answer the quiz 
right. If you answer the quiz wrong, you will need to fight the monster 
zombie. Then its up to your luck, maybe you win and the navigation 
buttons will be unlocked, or maybe you lose and 10 health points will 
be reduced from your health points.